{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh14560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Team 10 - App Project\
\
We are implementing a hearing in noise test. The Hearing-in-Noise Test (HINT) measures an individual\'92s ability to hear speech in quiet and in noise. HINTs are traditionally done testing both ears together as binaural hearing ability is key in noisy settings and everyday, functional hearing. \
\
Current HINTs use digit-triplets (digits in noise test), phonemes, or full-sentences presented with competing noise. Sentence tests are reported to be more efficient and provide more reliable SRT measurements than single-word tests. During the tests, subjects must repeat or select digits/words/sentences, typically from a closed set. Each stimulus is scored as either correct or incorrect and the intensity of the stimulus is adjusted using a 2-up-1-down paradigm, while the background noise in the audio is held at the same intensity. \
\
Besides implementing the actual test, our app will have additional features that include entering user specific information, survey questions and responses, storing tests results over time, plotting capabilities, etc. \
\
We seek to have our app integrate with the google calendar API so users can plan future tests, the internal microphone to measure background noise, and some sort of login capability. \
\
For further reference about the test we are trying to implement, see the following website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.californiaearinstitute.com/audiology-services-hint-bay-area-ca.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.californiaearinstitute.com/audiology-services-hint-bay-area-ca.php}} \
\
\
To date, the following features and functionalities have been completed:\
\
Menu screen has been implemented with the following options:\
\
1) Start the test - app architecture is in place to play a sound and enter digits for response\
2) View past results - contains a graphical representations of past results, the average score for users, and the past results in a tabular format\
3) Update user information - user can enter their first and last name, DOB, and sex\
4) Schedule a future test - user can schedule a day to take the test again for their hearing health purposes }